README.rst, before:

Beancount DKB Importer
======================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/beancount-dkb.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/beancount-dkb

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/siddhantgoel/beancount-dkb.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/siddhantgoel/beancount-dkb

:code:`beancount-dkb` provides an Importer for converting CSV exports of
DKB_ (Deutsche Kredit Bank) account summaries to the Beancount_ format.

Installation
------------

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pip install beancount-dkb

Usage
-----

.. code-block:: python

    from beancount_dkb import ECImporter, CreditImporter

    CONFIG = [
        ECImporter(
            IBAN_NUMBER, 'Assets:DKB:EC', currency='EUR',
            numeric_locale='de_DE.UTF-8', file_encoding='utf-8'
        ),

        CreditImporter(
            CARD_NUMBER, 'Assets:DKB:Credit', currency='EUR',
            numeric_locale='de_DE.UTF-8', file_encoding='utf-8'
        )
    ]

FAQ
---

.. code-block:: bash

    ERROR:root:Importer beancount_dkb.ec.ECImporter.identify() raised an unexpected error: 'utf-8' codec can't decode byte 0xf6 in position 17: invalid start byte

Change the :code:`file_encoding` parameter. It seems like the CSV exports are
:code:`ISO-8859-1` encoded, but :code:`utf-8` seems like a useful default.

.. _Beancount: http://furius.ca/beancount/
.. _DKB: https://www.dkb.de/

Commit message:

Update README with info on development/stable branches

README.rst, after:

Beancount DKB Importer
======================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/beancount-dkb.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/beancount-dkb

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/siddhantgoel/beancount-dkb.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/siddhantgoel/beancount-dkb

:code:`beancount-dkb` provides an Importer for converting CSV exports of
DKB_ (Deutsche Kredit Bank) account summaries to the Beancount_ format.

Installation
------------

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pip install beancount-dkb

In case you prefer installing from the Github repository, please note that
:code:`master` is the development branch so :code:`stable` is what you should be
installing from.

Usage
-----

.. code-block:: python

    from beancount_dkb import ECImporter, CreditImporter

    CONFIG = [
        ECImporter(
            IBAN_NUMBER, 'Assets:DKB:EC', currency='EUR',
            numeric_locale='de_DE.UTF-8', file_encoding='utf-8'
        ),

        CreditImporter(
            CARD_NUMBER, 'Assets:DKB:Credit', currency='EUR',
            numeric_locale='de_DE.UTF-8', file_encoding='utf-8'
        )
    ]

FAQ
---

.. code-block:: bash

    ERROR:root:Importer beancount_dkb.ec.ECImporter.identify() raised an unexpected error: 'utf-8' codec can't decode byte 0xf6 in position 17: invalid start byte

Change the :code:`file_encoding` parameter. It seems like the CSV exports are
:code:`ISO-8859-1` encoded, but :code:`utf-8` seems like a useful default.

.. _Beancount: http://furius.ca/beancount/
.. _DKB: https://www.dkb.de/
